Hey friends, we have a
new sponsor today, and I
want to make sure that
you support them because they
make Hansel minutes possible. Raven
DB, it's a document database
that's non-relational and fully transactional.
It's available for windows and
Linux with official client API
APIs for.net, the JVM go
Ruby, no JS and Python.
Raven DB is designed for
high performance handling tens of
thousands of requests, even on
a single node. Now, Raven
DB is capable of on
the fly optimization, dynamic indexes,
and much more. It has
a fully loaded gooey, which
means it's simpler to operate
and you don't need, you
know, arcane incantations on the
command line. It just works.
It's fast and it's right.
Download your free community edition@ravendb.net.
That's R a V E
N db.net. Hope you check
it out. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is another
episode of Hansel minutes. And
today I'm talking with Lynn
tie from key values.com. How
are you So good. I'm
excited. You are an engineer.
You learn to code a
couple of years ago, but
before that you were a
PhD candidate with a background
in neuroscience That is correct.
Previous life of mine. You've
done freelance web development and
you also done neuroscience. So
you kind of understand the
tech mind as well as
maybe how techies I think.
Yeah. And strangely, I feel
like in general, I've always
been kind of drawn to
the types of people who
were more classically stereotypically into
tech, but yeah, lots of
weirdos and science and tech.
When we, as, as weirdos
in tech, as we, as
techies, try to find a
place We're forced to go
to jobs, boards and search
with keywords and we find
our tribe. Yeah. I mean,
I think a lot of
people don't actually even try
to find their tribe that
way because they know there's,
it's hard to do that.
That's such a good segue.
Yeah. I think about this
all the time. And I
think the hardest part actually
is weirdly when you're trying
to find your tribe and
you've already kind of set
out on a path and
it's heading in a way
that it's farther and farther
from the place you'd actually
like to be, it's really
hard to kind of correct.
And do like, you know,
a complete one 80 or,
you know, hard, hard turn
looking at job boards is
certainly sometimes the last place
you'd go. Yeah. Well, what's,
what's a way to find
out, is it, is it
just to have as many
interviews as possible because even
those interviews come out really
awkward? Well, I guess there's
like a few steps I'm
thinking like, just in terms
of like, where, what do
you want to do day
to day? And so like,
obviously, so, you know, I
think about this a lot
with key values, cause it's
very specific to finding an
engineering job, but I mean,
just since you talked about,
you know, I was previously
a PhD candidate, I dropped
out. That's very, very sad
for my entire family, but
I think just at a
bigger level, like a higher
level of like, what career
do you want to do?
And like what, what do
you want to do day
to day? And like, if
you're doing, if you're, you
know, a web developer now,
like what if you want
to be a landscaper or
something like wildly different? I
think that's something that actually
probably for a lot of
people, it does come from
having lots of conversations, but
also just trial and error
and kind of, I mean,
yeah, there's no real shortcut
to just the experience of
knowing what you want and
don't want what you like
and what you don't like.
So it depends on what
level you're talking about here.
Right? Well, when, when people
go to key values.com, they
see, it says find an
engineering team that shares your
values and you pick some
values here and the values
are, are pretty diverse. Like
there's an engineering section, but
you're really expressing like what
you care about. And you're
hoping that that company also
cared about that. There's places
like, yeah, we pair program,
you know, we do, you
know, extreme programming or we
have a high quality code
base. Those are all things
that, you know, I could
care about. But like I
love some of these, one
of them is like light
meetings. Like we value we
as a company care about
not doing a lot of
meetings. Yeah. No, I think
they're, it's a whole, for
me, the reason why I
started this is when I
was looking for jobs. So
yeah, as you mentioned, I
was a freelancer at some
point I was like, Hmm,
maybe I should get a
full time job and be
a full time employee somewhere.
And when I sat down
to look like, I mean,
you mentioned this job boards
was one place I went
and they don't have anything
like this. Like not at
all. It's like, what tech
stack do you work with?
What job title might you
want? And like what industry,
broad strokes, like, like education
or health. And those are
like, I mean, that's nice
to be able to filter,
I think to some degree,
but it's really more like,
what is my day to
day? It doesn't matter if
it's like my favorite industry
and using my favorite technology.
If I have meetings every
day, I'm going to hate
it. So yeah, this was
kind of trying to, I
talked to tons of people
and just figuring out what
are the actual things that
make someone love their job
or hate their job, or,
you know, make them start
wondering if there are new
jobs that they should consider.
And it's it's yeah. Something
is something like light meetings
is totally. Yeah. It's very
real. And, and I, I
think that there's this term,
we hear a lot in
engineering, which has culture fit.
And sometimes I feel that
that is abused. That term
cultural fit is like, well,
you know, Lynn's not really
kind of like our kind
of people, like what does
that even mean? Right. It
feels like you're trying to
quantify that and give it
meaning. Yeah. I mean, I
think for sure, I mean,
to be honest, before I
started key values, I didn't
realize that the term culture
fit is just totally rejected
by a lot of people
in, in the people space,
talent, space, HR, definitely in
the DNI space, because it's
something that you can kind
of for a not valid
reason, say it's just not
a good culture. You're not
a good culture fit. And
it's, you know, yeah. It's,
it's an umbrella that covers
all good and bad things,
but this is definitely, it's
not so much what I
would call culture fit is
more just like value alignment.
I think that people that
you might not necessarily want
to be friends with or
live with, or hang out,
you know, outside and on
the weekends with, but they
might be someone who really,
really genuinely enjoy working with
you are compatible in that
sense. And so I think
it's, it's more, yeah. I
mean, it is fit, but
yeah, I guess I'm moving
away from that term as
well. Yeah. Well, I like
that. I mean like, so
w when you said value
alignment, like my first internal
reaction was like, that sounds
like an MBA kind of
suit term. Like, you know,
I would never say value
alignment, like casually at a
dinner party, but at the
same time, that's precise. It
is exactly what it is
exactly what it is. So
I need to get over
my, my that's a suit
term and they say, yeah,
I want their values to
align with mine. I always
like to joke with my
wife when you're trying to
meet someone like I've met,
my wife is a, you,
you have emotional baggage, right?
So you just want someone
whose baggage matches your baggage
Pretty much, actually. I've never
thought about it that way,
but it's, that's pretty accurate.
And it's just like, do
you care about the same
things are, you know, it's
the simplest way of saying
it. Yeah. The amount of
w I'm going to gush
a little bit, the amount
of work that has been
put into these, these categories
or these tags, I'm not
really quite sure what you
would call them. These values,
really the amount of work
has been put into the
text behind them is huge.
Do you have a background
in HR because you've really
I'm washing. No, thank you.
I do not have a
background in HR or recruiting.
I am. Yeah. As you
said, I'm a, you know,
PhD, dropout turned developer turned
into yeah. Whatever, you know,
just trying to help other
people navigate their job, search
and navigate their career also.
But no, I think it's,
I've always enjoyed writing. So
it's been nice to find
an outlet for it. I
think there was a good
amount of writing in my,
my research days. Cause you
know, you obviously publish papers,
but it's a different type
of writing. Yeah. It is
a different kind of writing.
And there, there are, there
are terms here. So when
you go to key values.com
and you hover over them,
there is a, like a
tool tip that'll that'll pop
up, that'll give you even
more context. So there's, there's
multiple layers to these things.
It's not just keywords. Right.
So if I go and
hover over, you know, work
life balance, like we all
know what that means, but
I can hover over it.
And then key values.com will
say like, what does key
values.com mean? Well, we mean,
it says engineers have the
flexibility and freedom and support
to be fulfilled and enjoy
both their personal and professional
lives. Okay, good. That aligns
with my understanding of what
like work life balance means.
Yeah. It's funny. Actually, I
made those tool tips in
the very beginning, I think
before I'd even launched key
values last year in September,
but in a way I
feel like all of these
terms are very vague and
the whole point of looking
at companies and how they
define them is to dig
into that work life balance
is like, like could not
have been a better example.
I think it's like, it's
easy for us to all
agree. Like we all know
what that is and what
that looks like, but it's
actually really easy to be
on the wrong page or
on a different page. So,
so that's something that I
is like a perfect example.
So I think a lot
of people consider work life
balance to be, you know,
you work 40 hours or
less a week. That seems
reasonable. I think that's a
fair statement. Yes. Yeah, yeah.
You're right. It's a little
lower actually in other European
countries. But for me, I
actually would find it much
easier to balance my life
if I worked longer, but
have the ability to choose
when and where I worked.
So like, you know, like
a nine to five where
I have to be in
seat at a certain place
is V like it's feels
oppressive for me. And I
don't know why that's, you
know, I have no idea
why, where that came from.
I think it's just something
about who I am in
a way. That's why I
was also drawn to science.
Like you just go to
the lab when you do.
And it doesn't matter when,
and so it's, it's, it's
definitely an easy trap for
a candidate and a company
to think they align. And
if you don't talk about
what that actually looks like
and means for each, each
party, it's, it's, you know,
you can see how that
would potentially be a disaster,
but yeah. So I think
kind of the goal is
really to have companies and
teams talk about what it
means to them. And I,
every company that I work
with it's really like, it
happens every single time without
fail. They'll say like, you
know, I mean, it's, it's
pretty like standard. We do
X and I'm like, Whoa,
Whoa, Whoa. Like that's not
standard. Like a lot of
companies don't do that. So
it's, it's funny to just
kind of step back and
think about how, you know,
the traditions or practices or
processes that you do at
one company may, or maybe,
actually probably maybe one on
one end of the spectrum
and no other company does
that. But if that's all,
you know, it's easy to
think that's standard And you've
called out work life balance
and separated it from things
like flexible work arrangements with,
like you said, it would
be more, maybe more appropriate
or an additive, a characteristic
on top of that. So
flexible work arrangements, you know,
flexibility in work hours and
locations. Yeah, exactly. I think
the work life balance, I
mean, it's interesting. I mean,
it's so obvious to me
cause I've looked at this,
but a lot of companies
will kind of, after talking
about it with them, feel
much more comfortable choosing one
or the other though at
first they kind of just
grouped them as one thing
as being like, yeah, we
have, we all have balanced
lives, but that's just like
too vague. So that's always,
it's my job to kind
of just dig and dig.
Yeah. And I appreciate that.
It also appears, and this
is me reading into a
lot of this that you
are also catering this to
people at all levels. Like
I could see as a
relatively senior engineer where I
could go in there and
I could say, yeah, fast
paced environment, continuous delivery, continuous
feedback, awesome. Senior engineer. But
you've got things like wears
many hats like engineers have
a broad set of responsibilities
and can learn from other
groups. You've got a cross
department collaboration where engineers work
directly alongside their peers in
other departments, as well as
internal mobility and promotes with,
from within, which are all
values that a junior or
a starting engineer might care
about. Yeah. It's funny. I
think, you know, so I
was, I, in some ways
still consider myself to be
on the junior side. I,
when I started this though
I created key values. I
was really thinking about the
more like maybe mid levels
to engineers and starting there.
But I do think there's
been self selection in terms
of like who it resonates
with. And I think a
lot of senior engineers actually,
because they've had, you know,
three to four jobs already
or, you know, and they've
kind of learned the hard
way, what they like. And
don't like, like this really
speaks to them. And then
for junior engineers, maybe I've
noticed not necessarily college grads,
but people who have changed
careers, like, like me, someone
who's already had work experience,
not necessarily as a software
engineer, but they've had work
experience enough to know what
they like or don't like.
And so it does cater
to different levels of experience
with, with engineering. But I
think it does speak to
people who've had more, more
experienced period in terms of
like working with different types
of people, under different structures,
at different company sizes, all
of those things. True. You
have to know what, like,
if you don't know what
you don't know, that can
be challenging, but if you
have a general sense of
like, well, I, I feel
that this would be a
good thing. In my experience
in past jobs, that's been
a good thing. I would
be able to, to pick
the values that I care
about. Yeah. And now that
I'm thinking about it, I
actually don't know if that's
a fair statement to make.
Obviously there's people, you know,
you can be young, this
could be your first job
and you might know, but
I think there's definitely a
trend where people right out
of college are oftentimes optimizing
for company reputation and salary
and that's fair. But I
think, and to be honest,
I think that's what a
lot of other job boards
cater to. And that was
kind of where I saw
that there was this gap.
Right. But yeah, I actually,
it's funny people, people don't
always walk with me to
like, come along this, this
comparison of dating and job
searching, but I there's a
lot of, there's a lot
of parallels and I kind
of think about it, like
when you're young, you kind
of like fantasize about dating
the most popular person in
school and like that's what
matters. Yeah. And I think
it's kind of similar when
you get your first all,
like, you want to work
at the Googles and the
Facebooks cause your parents know
about them and your friends
know about them and you
know, people recognize that name.
And I think it's just
like, you're, I mean, then
you have that experience and
then you kind of learn
and then you're like, okay,
that's not the most important
thing that matters. Right. Right.
And it's interesting because your
values that you've chosen here
show in fact that you
don't have anything of like
getting paid the most or
super popular company, like those
aren't values that one can
even check. Yeah. That was,
and I it's probably when
I first launched not having
salary was by far the
most popular request, but I
think there's lots of other
places that list that. And
that's pretty much the most
important part of those job
boards and those job sites.
So yeah. There's Well, you've
chosen, you've chosen actively not
to touch that. I have.
Yeah. A little, little controversial
for some, I don't know.
It's polarizing Opportunities though, to
keep things different, right. This
is, this is not just
a regular world job board
where I can go and
put in a, you know,
it's not a front end
with text boxes over a
SQL query where it's like,
if salary greater than
and remote, okay. This is
not that job board. Right.
It is not. And to
be honest, I think it's
also just like, at least
for how it is right
now in 2018, like it
is, you are, if you're
a software engineer, you're going
to make a decent salary
like this, the idea, I
mean, you can, you definitely
can you, it might not
be your favorite job, but
you can definitely find one
that will pay pretty well
or very well or ridiculously
well, so I think on
the range of what salary
can be, that's just actually
pretty narrow. Like, you know,
let's say it's anywhere. This
is let's, let's be extreme.
Let's anywhere from 50 K
to 500 K Pretty wide
range, But that's just one
dimension, right? Like I think
everything else about, you know,
how you work, who you're
working with, like why you
work that way together, what
opportunities are there? Like just,
I think that there's so
much more there that that's
kind of where I want
to. Yeah. Yeah. It also
appears that you force, or
you encourage maybe, maybe force
isn't the right word. The
companies that sign up to
write a nontrivial amount of
pros. Like there's a lot
here when, when they click.
Yeah. We're good for junior
ed junior devs, they have
to write something. There's a
lot of texts. Like I'm
looking at five, six pages
of texts about a company
right now. Yeah. It's a
it's it's you're right. Forces
may be strong, but it
is kind of true. I,
I, I do. And this
is like, this is the
part that's really interesting companies.
So there's many, many more
companies that have submitted their
values to key values and
then they've actually show and
it's because when, when push
comes to shove and I
say like, you chose your,
your team is diverse. Great.
Prove it. Like, let's talk
about it. Diverse. In what
way is it just on
your engineering team is across
your whole org. Like what
kind of like, why is
this important? How do you
promote it? How do you,
you know, and when I
start asking these questions, people
realize like, okay, maybe we're
actually not that diverse. And
then discussion with the team
that when I work with
them, they realize like, maybe
we're not actually quite ready
put this together. It seems
like we're not on the
same page about what we
care about most. And so
there's, that's as much filtering
as there is, but yeah,
it's, I definitely feel like
my job is to ask
all the questions that a
candidate wants to ask, but
might not feel comfortable asking.
Interesting. So yeah. I mean,
there's, I think like for
example, actually just work life
balance and diversity. Those are
two great examples where you
might not feel like you
ha you're you're worried about
what might the interviewer interpret
that right. By may there,
when you ask a question
there's always, or often an
implication of there's a question
under the question. Yes. And
if you are new in
the, in the biz or
you don't, you want to
get the answer, but at
the same time, you don't
want it to spiral in
a direction that you don't
want it to go. That
can be really challenging. Exactly.
And it's just, you know,
you're in a vulnerable state
when you're interviewing, so I
think it can be hard.
Yeah. Yeah. And you're being
evaluated. It's just, yeah. So
it's, it's really like, I
see it as my job
as asking all of those
tough questions. Cause I don't
have it, you know, I
can be much more blunt.
Yeah. A big thank you
to our sponsors because they
make the show possible. And
I hope that you support
them the way they support
us progress. Software is the
creator of the most comprehensive
developer toolkit for building modern
apps on the market today
Tellerik dev craft with more
than 1100 telerik.net and Kendo,
UI JavaScript components and controls.
You can easily build modern
high-performance web mobile and desktop
apps as well as chatbots.
The tool set also includes
reporting solutions, automated testing and
productivity tools and come to
the range of support options.
New this year is a
free online trading program for
all licensed holders with this
alongside thousands of demos and
source code available, comprehensive documentation
and a full assortment of
visual studio templates, you'll be
up and running with the
progress Tellerik and Kendo UI
controls in no time, download
a free 30 day trial
today at tellerik.com/hanselman that's T
E L E R I
k.com/hanselman. I'm one of the
sections of, of key values.com
that I enjoy the most
that I almost feel like
should be even more called
out. If I can give
you actual feedback while we're
doing is at the top,
it says culture queries up
next to the top menu
is just like about blog
and submit, click on culture
queries. And I'm just going
to pick a couple of
things that I care about.
Okay. Committed to personal growth
promotes from within, and we'll
say opensource contributor. Okay. And
then I hit see results.
And this isn't a list
of companies. This is a
list of questions for me
to potentially ask at the
job interview. So you're literally
giving me, I can print
these out and like ask
these questions. You give me
the questions and you tell
me why I should fact
ask those questions. And this
is, I feel like a
hidden, valuable, like a hidden,
but not in your face
valuable part of your site.
I was so impressed with
this and that's one of
the primary reasons that I
wanted you on the show.
Well, thanks. Yeah, I you're
right. I should probably highlight
that more. Maybe you'll see
some changes to my site
very soon. No. Yeah. I
mean, I was just going
to say that, like in
talking about how I ask
the tough questions and I
can ask questions, more bluntly
to the companies I work
with. I mean, obviously there
are people who it's true,
you shouldn't ask so bluntly.
And so I kind of
wanted to just create a
resource that I would have,
you know, I would have
used and will continue to
use if I ever look
for jobs, you know, and
something that is kind of
timeless, but I'm just thinking
about how to really get
the answers you're looking for
and make sure to interview
the companies like interviews are
two-sided is a two way
street. And I think so
many people forget this and
it's, it's, it's kind of,
you know, in a way
it's kind of your fault.
Then if you end up
at a company and you're
not happy, if you could
have just maybe asked a
few questions during the interview
process and flush those out,
then, you know, you would
have maybe not taken that
offer. So Yeah, it's so
important. And also, I also
remind people who are interviewing
anytime I give interviewing tips
is that if at all
possible, try to make sure
that you're interviewing the person
who will be in fact,
your boss, because so often
they put us through a
loop of people. Like here's
a pile of nine people
who are going to interview
you and then you'll meet
your boss on like day
four, after you've gone through
new employee, that boss has
to be part of your
interview loop or you're going
to have problems. Yeah. Yes.
That's. I think that is
very good advice and yeah,
it's surprising how often that
might happen Indeed. So I've
gone there and I've clicked
on open source contributor and
engaged with community. And I
love this particular question here.
You say, how did your
team come to use your
current framework? Okay, great. Great
question. But then you explain
why, why would I phrase
it like that and phrasing
matters. And this is, I
think where your neuro science
background comes in, It's useful
for something. Well, you say
engineers are defensive. If you
say, why did you choose
X? Like justify angular. Those
questions can be like an
attack and they, that could
make your interview go South.
Yeah. I've I've actually heard,
I had a friend, this
one, this question actually came
from a friend who was
like, yeah, don't ask it
this way. Cause I did.
And I really insulted my
interviewer and yeah, you can
imagine how the rest of
the day went. Yeah. I
feel like there's a huge
amount of work here on
the one where I put
in fo for junior devs.
Is this good for junior
devs? Or does it promote
from within you say, did
any of your senior engineers
today start out as junior
engineers? What a good sneaky
question. That's like a question
grenade I'm like, see what
happens. Yeah, no, I think
all of questions are, I
think the main thing is
there. Okay. Let me just
take a step back. There's
a lot of generic questions
that you can ask and
your interviewers have been asked
them hundreds of times and
they have like, they basically
open up their chest and
they press play because they've
answered that same question over
and over. And it's like,
you don't want a canned
response. Like you don't want
them to have rehearsed a
response. So I think a
lot of the questions, the
way that I see the
angle that I'm coming from
is to ask something that's
specific enough and different enough
that you're, you're going to
get a very authentic answer
cause your is answering it
on the spot. And so
this is a great example
of that and yeah, it's
true. Like if you, if
your company says that you
promote from within, like, you
better have examples of it.
Exactly. And I like that
you are, it's like, if
you ever see famous people,
like, you know that people
from like the Avengers movies
and they're like, they're doing
their junket right. Where they're
like, they're standing in front
of a, of a screen.
Everyone's asking him the same
dumb questions about like, what's
it like to be on
iron man? Is it fundable?
Right? And then every once
in a while the interviewer
will ask a question and
then the person who's answered
a thousand dumb questions before
it goes, Oh, if I
put a great question and
they light up, so you
were saying, you can get
the interviewer like really on
your side by asking a
thoughtful question. Oh my goodness.
Yeah. So when I launched
culture queries, I had like
met multiple people in the
days following say like, Oh,
it came at perfect time.
And they asked, they know
they had interviews and the
interviewers would respond. Like the
feedback was like, I was
really impressed by your questions.
And it's like, that's, it's
so true. Like you can
make such a good impression
by having thoughtful questions and
you can be interviewing the
company and you can actually
have more information to make
a good decision about whether
or not to work there.
And so it's like everyone
wins. So I've, so I've
gushed. I'm sure people who
are listening are annoyed. Like,
you know, Scott's been gushing
about this site. Why don't
you go check it out
for yourself? Maybe you'll gush
as well, but surely you
didn't write all of these
yourself. You must've had a
community that worked with you
or feedback, or like this
is a, an iterative process,
right? You update questions, add
new things and talk to
people. Actually I wrote probably
98% of it. It just,
I just sat down and
made. It was like a
full time job for a
couple of weeks, but I
definitely got help and guidance.
And I, you know, I
think, yeah. I mean, I,
to be fair, I think
I've just been talking to
a lot of interviewers and
engineers for the months leading
up to it that it
kind of made me, it
was like, my brain was
ready for this, but I
definitely got help from friends.
Some help from friends and
yeah. Other, especially for spaces
that I wasn't particularly well
versed in like the diversity,
anything around diversity inclusion, even,
you know, even though I
am a woman and apparently
I'm a person of color,
I didn't know this until
like, that's embarrassing maybe to
some, but I actually know
that I counted as that.
Like, I'm just not well
versed in that space. So
I definitely got some help
there. Great. So you do
your, the work is being
put into this and then
you're of course applying your
thoughts and understanding around how,
you know, neuroscience, like when
you talk to someone and
you express something in a
certain way, how will that
person take that? And as
you bounce back and forth,
because like you pointed out
it is a two sided
experience, a job interview. Yeah.
It's funny. I feel like
neuroscience itself. I'm not sure
if that, maybe that was
like too deep, but definitely,
you know, in, in college
I took social psychology and
other classes around what makes
like showing vulnerability and showing
interest in someone personally. Of
course those are just, it
sounds obvious, but people, especially
when you're nervous in an
interview, you'll, you'll choke up
and forget about that. But,
Well, I think it's an
important reminder though. Like I
think that we all go
into interviews and job interviews
and we've had, for those
of us, who've had dozens
of them for lack of
a better word. We go
in on autopilot, you know,
and taking a moment and
reminding yourself of sure. Maybe
this is obvious. Maybe it's
not, but when you talk
to people, it, it hits
them a certain way. It
lands the way that you,
the words you choose land
a certain way. Yeah. No,
that's so true. I, I
forgot what that's like. I
mean, for some people they
do dozens of interviews a
week. Like if that's your
job as a hiring manager,
so you're right. It does,
you kind of do go
on autopilot, but ultimately, I
mean, we have a pretty
limited time on earth and
many of those are sleeping.
So just thinking about like,
what, how you want to
spend your waking hours. It's
I think everyone feels this
way. Like you want to
work with people you're excited
to work with and learn
from. And I think everyone
really cares about this. So
even though, especially for software
engineers, like the technical interviews
are so much about, can
you do the thing there's
so much about like doing
it side by side with
people you like and can
work with and can learn
from. And so I think
there's, it's easy to forget
about that second part. I
like the way you phrase
that though, like there is,
there is the important, can
you do the thing? Like
I like that's above all.
You're going to come here.
I'm going to give you
money. You will pay the
rent with your money as
long as you do the
thing. Right. But this is
less about doing the thing,
but like, while you're doing
it, will you enjoy it?
Will you like the people?
Will it, will it get
you up in the morning?
Will you be totally sad
about getting up in the
morning? Like those are really
important aspects. That's the values
that you need to make
sure it aligns with whether
or not they use, you
know, dot net or rails
or whether or not they
have remotes or not. Are
you going to enjoy doing
the thing? Exactly. And I
think it's, so the other
thing that I've talked about
with key values is like,
there's this assumption that you
have the luxury to choose.
And I, and I know
that it's like, it can
be frustrating to hear a
very privileged person complain about
how many options they have
and like, you know, Boohoo,
like what, what of the
five great job offers do
I choose from? It's so
hard. And I know that
can be frustrating and annoying
to hear, but the truth
is like a lot of
us have that luxury, like,
you know, and I think
it's really your responsibility to
exercise your privilege and, you
know, make those decisions like
it's, I mean, no one,
like everything that you choose,
you're the only one that
has to live with it.
So you better choose wisely.
Right. And I think that's,
yeah. I mean, most of
us have a ability to
AA choose between employers, but
also just be able to
choose doing something you love.
Right. And this is, you
know, a generation generational question.
Like my parents, I will
actually, my parents were still
were following their hearts and
did what they wanted, but
I think there's definitely something
there's a, there's a gap.
And nowadays there's a lot
of people who do have
the ability to do what
they love and they have
that option. It's not just,
you know, making sure that
you put, you know, pay
the rent and then make
sure your kids get booed.
And then that's it. Like,
you really do have lots
of choices for how you
get that money. And so
I think it's important to
be choosing, Hopefully for folks,
you know, like you say,
we have, we all have
various privileges of varying levels,
but hopefully people will be
able to take some of
the culture queries, the interview
questions and the resources that
you put together, a key
values to enable them to
ask the right questions and
hopefully get that, that next
big job. And I appreciate
you coming on the show
today. Yeah, no, it's so
great. Thank you for having
me. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes and
we'll see you again next
week.